 Captain's log, Stardate 50622.4. While Commander Chakotay scouts for a faster route through the Necrot Expanse, we are continuing our month-long journey through the sparsely populated region. You know, they ought to rename this place the Negative Expanse. We haven't run across anything interesting for days. If you're bored, Mr. Parrish, I'm sure I can find something else for you to do. The warp plasma filters are due for a thorough cleaning. Not that you mention it, Captain. I find this region of space a real navigational challenge. I believe I may have found something else to pique Mr. Parris' interest, Captain. It's an unidentified ship on long-range sensors. What sort of ship? Sensor readings are very limited, but the vessel appears to be stopped directly in our current flight path harry send a standard greeting hi captain you're not responding try retransmitting the hill on wideband subspace still no response we are entering visual range on screen the borg red alert The Borg. Red alert. All stop. Shields to maximum. Stand by all weapons. Tuvok, are they scanning us? Curious. None of the Borg systems appears to be operational. He's right. They're adrift. Maybe they're trying to lull us into a false sense of security. That would not be consistent with typical Borg tactics. I want to try a multiphasic scan. Tom, stand by to get us out of here in case they react. Aye, Captain. Proceed, Mr. Kip. I'm not picking up any active energy signatures. No life signs. Well, that's a relief. signs. Well, that's a relief. Perhaps. However, we should avoid complacency. The Borg are known to retrieve their damaged technology. It is quite possible we will encounter additional Borg vessels which are fully manned and powered. That's exactly why we're going to board that ship. Captain? This is a rare opportunity to learn as much as we can about Borg technology. I might be able to get one of their data nodes running and find out what disabled their ship. If we're lucky, we may find a weakness we can use against them. In case we run into one of their fully manned and powered ships. Tuvok, assemble in the way team. Tom. Yes, Captain. Take us into transporter range.